UNIT FILE                                   STATE          
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount           static         
-.mount                                     generated      
boot.mount                                  generated      
dev-hugepages.mount                         static         
dev-mqueue.mount                            static         
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount               static         
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount               static         
sys-kernel-config.mount                     static         
sys-kernel-debug.mount                      static         
tmp.mount                                   static         
var-lib-machines.mount                      static         
systemd-ask-password-console.path           static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.path              static         
session-2.scope                             transient      
accounts-daemon.service                     disabled       
adb.service                                 disabled       
alsa-restore.service                        static         
alsa-state.service                          static         
auditd.service                              disabled       
autovt@.service                             enabled        
avahi-daemon.service                        disabled       
avahi-dnsconfd.service                      disabled       
blk-availability.service                    disabled       
btrfs-scrub@.service                        static         
canberra-system-bootup.service              disabled       
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     disabled       
canberra-system-shutdown.service            disabled       
clean-mount-point@.service                  static         
colord.service                              static         
console-getty.service                       disabled       
container-getty@.service                    static         
containerd.service                          disabled       
cpupower.service                            enabled        
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service          enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.portable1.service      static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service       enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service       enabled        
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static         
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service      enabled        
dbus.service                                static         
debug-shell.service                         disabled       
dhcpcd.service                              enabled        
dhcpcd@.service                             disabled       
display-manager.service                     enabled        
dm-event.service                            static         
dmraid.service                              disabled       
docker.service                              disabled       
e2scrub@.service                            static         
e2scrub_all.service                         static         
e2scrub_fail@.service                       static         
e2scrub_reap.service                        disabled       
emergency.service                           static         
fancontrol.service                          disabled       
fstrim.service                              static         
ftpd.service                                disabled       
getty@.service                              enabled        
git-daemon@.service                         static         
gpm.service                                 disabled       
healthd.service                             disabled       
initrd-cleanup.service                      static         
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static         
initrd-switch-root.service                  static         
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static         
ip6tables.service                           disabled       
iptables.service                            disabled       
irexec.service                              disabled       
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static         
krb5-kadmind.service                        disabled       
krb5-kdc.service                            disabled       
krb5-kpropd.service                         disabled       
krb5-kpropd@.service                        static         
ldconfig.service                            static         
lircd-setup.service                         disabled       
lircd-uinput.service                        disabled       
lircd.service                               disabled       
lircmd.service                              disabled       
lm_sensors.service                          disabled       
logrotate.service                           static         
lvm2-lvmetad.service                        static         
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                       static         
lvm2-monitor.service                        masked         
lvm2-pvscan@.service                        static         
man-db.service                              static         
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                static         
mdadm-last-resort@.service                  static         
mdmon@.service                              static         
mdmonitor.service                           static         
mkinitcpio-generate-shutdown-ramfs.service  static         
ModemManager.service                        disabled       
ndctl-monitor.service                       disabled       
netctl-auto@.service                        disabled       
netctl-ifplugd@.service                     disabled       
netctl-sleep.service                        disabled       
netctl-wait-online.service                  disabled       
netctl.service                              disabled       
netctl@.service                             static         
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           enabled        
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          enabled        
NetworkManager.service                      enabled        
nscd.service                                disabled       
openvpn-client@.service                     disabled       
openvpn-server@.service                     disabled       
paccache.service                            static         
polkit.service                              static         
ppp@.service                                disabled       
quotaon.service                             static         
reflector.service                           disabled       
rescue.service                              static         
rfkill-block@.service                       disabled       
rfkill-unblock@.service                     disabled       
rlogin@.service                             static         
rsh@.service                                static         
rsyncd.service                              disabled       
rsyncd@.service                             static         
rtkit-daemon.service                        disabled       
sddm.service                                enabled        
sensord.service                             disabled       
serial-getty@.service                       disabled       
shadow.service                              static         
smartd.service                              disabled       
sshd.service                                disabled       
sshd@.service                               static         
sshdgenkeys.service                         static         
system-update-cleanup.service               static         
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static         
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static         
systemd-backlight@.service                  static         
systemd-binfmt.service                      static         
systemd-bless-boot.service                  static         
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service      disabled       
systemd-coredump@.service                   static         
systemd-exit.service                        static         
systemd-firstboot.service                   static         
systemd-fsck-root.service                   enabled-runtime
systemd-fsck@.service                       static         
systemd-halt.service                        static         
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static         
systemd-hibernate.service                   static         
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static         
systemd-hwdb-update.service                 static         
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static         
systemd-importd.service                     static         
systemd-initctl.service                     static         
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static         
systemd-journal-flush.service               static         
systemd-journal-gatewayd.service            indirect       
systemd-journal-remote.service              indirect       
systemd-journal-upload.service              disabled       
systemd-journald.service                    static         
systemd-kexec.service                       static         
systemd-localed.service                     static         
systemd-logind.service                      static         
systemd-machine-id-commit.service           static         
systemd-machined.service                    static         
systemd-modules-load.service                static         
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service        disabled       
systemd-networkd.service                    disabled       
systemd-nspawn@.service                     disabled       
systemd-portabled.service                   static         
systemd-poweroff.service                    static         
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static         
systemd-random-seed.service                 static         
systemd-reboot.service                      static         
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static         
systemd-resolved.service                    enabled        
systemd-rfkill.service                      static         
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service      static         
systemd-suspend.service                     static         
systemd-sysctl.service                      static         
systemd-sysusers.service                    static         
systemd-time-wait-sync.service              disabled       
systemd-timedated.service                   static         
systemd-timesyncd.service                   enabled        
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static         
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static         
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static         
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static         
systemd-udevd.service                       static         
systemd-update-done.service                 static         
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static         
systemd-user-sessions.service               static         
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static         
systemd-volatile-root.service               static         
talk.service                                indirect       
teamd@.service                              static         
telnet@.service                             static         
thermald.service                            enabled        
udisks2.service                             disabled       
upower.service                              enabled        
usbipd.service                              disabled       
usbmuxd.service                             static         
user-runtime-dir@.service                   static         
user@.service                               static         
uuidd.service                               indirect       
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service             disabled       
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service               disabled       
wpa_supplicant.service                      enabled        
wpa_supplicant@.service                     disabled       
xfs_scrub@.service                          static         
xfs_scrub_all.service                       static         
xfs_scrub_fail@.service                     static         
zram-setup@.service                         static         
machine.slice                               static         
user.slice                                  static         
avahi-daemon.socket                         disabled       
dbus.socket                                 static         
dm-event.socket                             static         
docker.socket                               disabled       
git-daemon.socket                           disabled       
krb5-kpropd.socket                          disabled       
lircd.socket                                disabled       
lvm2-lvmetad.socket                         static         
lvm2-lvmpolld.socket                        static         
rlogin.socket                               disabled       
rsh.socket                                  disabled       
rsyncd.socket                               disabled       
sshd.socket                                 disabled       
syslog.socket                               static         
systemd-coredump.socket                     static         
systemd-initctl.socket                      static         
systemd-journal-gatewayd.socket             disabled       
systemd-journal-remote.socket               disabled       
systemd-journald-audit.socket               static         
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket             static         
systemd-journald.socket                     static         
systemd-networkd.socket                     disabled       
systemd-rfkill.socket                       static         
systemd-udevd-control.socket                static         
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                 static         
talk.socket                                 disabled       
telnet.socket                               disabled       
uuidd.socket                                disabled       
basic.target                                static         
bluetooth.target                            static         
boot-complete.target                        static         
cryptsetup-pre.target                       static         
cryptsetup.target                           static         
ctrl-alt-del.target                         disabled       
default.target                              static         
emergency.target                            static         
exit.target                                 disabled       
final.target                                static         
getty-pre.target                            static         
getty.target                                static         
graphical.target                            static         
halt.target                                 disabled       
hibernate.target                            static         
hybrid-sleep.target                         static         
initrd-fs.target                            static         
initrd-root-device.target                   static         
initrd-root-fs.target                       static         
initrd-switch-root.target                   static         
initrd.target                               static         
kexec.target                                disabled       
local-fs-pre.target                         static         
local-fs.target                             static         
machines.target                             disabled       
multi-user.target                           static         
network-online.target                       static         
network-pre.target                          static         
network.target                              static         
nss-lookup.target                           static         
nss-user-lookup.target                      static         
paths.target                                static         
poweroff.target                             disabled       
printer.target                              static         
reboot.target                               disabled       
remote-cryptsetup.target                    disabled       
remote-fs-pre.target                        static         
remote-fs.target                            enabled        
rescue.target                               static         
rpcbind.target                              static         
runlevel0.target                            disabled       
runlevel1.target                            static         
runlevel2.target                            static         
runlevel3.target                            static         
runlevel4.target                            static         
runlevel5.target                            static         
runlevel6.target                            disabled       
shutdown.target                             static         
sigpwr.target                               static         
sleep.target                                static         
slices.target                               static         
smartcard.target                            static         
sockets.target                              static         
sound.target                                static         
suspend-then-hibernate.target               static         
suspend.target                              static         
swap.target                                 static         
sysinit.target                              static         
system-update-pre.target                    static         
system-update.target                        static         
time-sync.target                            static         
timers.target                               static         
umount.target                               static         
btrfs-scrub@.timer                          disabled       
e2scrub_all.timer                           disabled       
fstrim.timer                                enabled        
logrotate.timer                             disabled       
man-db.timer                                disabled       
mdadm-last-resort@.timer                    static         
paccache.timer                              disabled       
reflector.timer                             enabled        
shadow.timer                                static         
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer                static         
xfs_scrub_all.timer                         disabled       

314 unit files listed.
